Configuration

The configure program configures GNU JavaMail for your system. The various
programs required to build GNU JavaMail should be automatically identified.
If they aren't, or you wish to override the default programs found, you can
do so here. Set the environment variable corresponding to the program you
wish to change befre running configure, e.g.:

        JAVAC=/my/special/javac ./configure

The default should work for most environments:

        ./configure

You can exclude specific providers from being built if you want to save
space. Set the corresponding configuration option to "no", e.g.:

        ./configure --enable-nntp=no --enable-maildir=no

A full list of configuration options is available by entering:

        ./configure --help

at the command prompt.


Building

To build GNU JavaMail, type the following at the command prompt:

        make

You may additionally build the API documentation in Javadoc format (you need
the javadoc program in your PATH for this):

        make javadoc

GNU JavaMail requires at least version 1.4 of the Java libraries.

Installation

To install, simply type:

    make install

This installs gnumail.jar and gnumail-providers.jar in $(prefix)/share/java
(see the configuration options to change the prefix variable).


Ant build

A simple Ant buildfile is included for platforms where GNU Make is not
installed. This buildfile is not officially supported and may not provide
options available during the standard autotools-based installation.



Hello, 

While configuring Sun's javamail implementation I got an warning. See below;
 
configure: WARNING:
The build seems to be using gcj for bytecode generation.  Some versions of gcj are known to produce bad bytecode. You may want to set the environment variable JAVAC to an alternate
compiler, such as jikes, to make sure that you end up with valid bytecode. 

FYI,
inetlib, activation-1.1.1 and mail-1.1.2 



